.TH "backend_t" 3 "Sat Nov 5 2011" "Version 1.0" "frozen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
backend_t \- 
.PP
Backend structure.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <backend.h>\fP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent instance name. Must be unique. Optional. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclass\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBackend class. Format: 'category/classname', for example 'storage/file'. Required. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "api_types \fBsupported_api\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupported apis. For example (API_HASH | API_FAST). Required. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBf_init\fP \fBfunc_init\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBackend init function. Optional. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBf_configure\fP \fBfunc_configure\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBackend configure function. Optional. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBf_fork\fP \fBfunc_fork\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBackend fork function. Optional. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBf_destroy\fP \fBfunc_destroy\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBackend destroy function. Optional. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_create\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_set\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_get\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_delete\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_move\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_count\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_custom\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBbackend_type_crwd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_crwd \fBfunc_handler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHandler for API_HASH. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBbackend_type_hash\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   f_fast_func \fBfunc_handler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHandler for API_FAST. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBbackend_type_fast\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBuserdata\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to userdata for backend. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfig_t\fP * \fBconfig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent instance configuraion. (Copy of passed to backend_new) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uintmax_t \fBrefs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP \fBparents\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIparent backends including private _acquires. Internal. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP \fBchilds\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIchild backends. Internal. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Backend structure. 

Used in class descriptions and as structure for real backends 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for frozen from the source code.
